Jiā Háo, rest assured
I’ll definitely work hard to make money
To properly repay your kindness
What’s wrong?
Why the sudden sigh?
You don’t know
Qín Fēng is really too much
He said
If I want to smoothly reclaim
The chairman’s position
Within three days
I have to bring ten billion to Qín Shì
But
Where am I supposed to get that much money?
That Qín Fēng
He dares treat you like that?
Exactly
He even said if I don’t bring ten billion
Within three days
He’ll take the money my parents left me
And use it to subsidize Qín Shì
The rest he’ll give entirely
To that bitch Qín Ruò Yǔ
As a dowry
How much money did your parents leave you?
Ten thousand billion
Líng, these ten billion
I’ll cover